Minor update to docs on Brain Objects (#3029)
Unity-Technologies/ml-agents: docs/Training-ML-Agents.md

The output of the training process is a model file containing the optimized
policy. This model file is a TensorFlow data graph containing the mathematical
operations and the optimized weights selected during the training process. You

> can use the generated model file with in the Behaviors Parameters under your 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
can set the generated model file in the Behaviors Parameters under your
```
Clean up and remove trailing whitespace

Reviewer: (trailing whitespace is what's breaking CI)

Agent in your Unity project to decide the best course of action for an agent.

Use the command `mlagents-learn` to train your agents. This command is installed
with the `mlagents` package and its implementation can be found at
`ml-agents/mlagents/trainers/learn.py`. The [configuration file](#training-config-file),
like `config/trainer_config.yaml` specifies the hyperparameters used during training.
You can edit this file with a text editor to add a specific configuration for

> each Agent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
each Behavior.
```
